hello my dear needlewomen
Welcome to the video channel
Irina seven today we will be with you
consider a cornflower flower assembly
take the octagon figure of two
tissue
one side white other pigeons we put
we mark its center we fix the center and
Now we divide each edge in half
divided lebron in half and fold in
side of the middle ie the side of the center
our edges will turn out 4 edges that is
square we fold this way for
this we were looking for the middle
each side to have a corner with us
converged so here the corners converged
we fix with a needle
can be fixed with a needle with an iron
thread fasten every middle
now every little corner
turn down the sides to the very edge so
way we get for a strong point
in the middle of the ribs and the corners lie on
angle
we pin with needles so the next edge
we lay out the ribs so we
you have secured the tops of the corners now
turn over to the other side and yourself
wrap corners to the center turned to
center one laid out all commerce
example turned 2 and fix the
center we fix in this way
it turns out that such a figure is now
I 'll show you this little corner of the future
will be
so we fix to the center all the little corners
we spread cameras on measured
sew the center button and little corners
who we are pre
secured can be detached to form
was more free